# Towards-LLM-based-Detection-of-Gaming-a-Generative-Tutor
Files, logs and scripts concerning the research paper Towards LLM-based Detection of Gaming a Generative Tutor

1. Logs: Contains the 780 synthetically generated logs. The initial number indicates the scenario (01 = Polite), the second number indicates strategy (.1. = always final), the final number is an ascending order of the number of times that combination was generated (each scenario and strategy combination was generated 5 times. The final letter _A, _B or _C indicates which assignment the log concerns.

Include full list of scenario, strategy and assignment codes

2. Synthetic Prompts: Text files of all the scenarios and strategies that were used to prompt Gemini to act as student for the purpose of the synthetic log generation. Subdivided as a folder structure based on strategies and scenarios.

3. Outer Loop: In this folder are all the files and instructions used for the post-task analysis. There are 1 and 2 labelled files to create two parallel pipelines for analysis. Outer Loop1 and 2 are text files that contain the instructions for the analysis. Claude_loop1 and 2 contain the script and further AI instructions for automatically analysing each log in sequence. This process creates classifications.csv and classificationsReasoning.csv  after merging the two pipelines. classifications.csv is sorted by sort_classifications.py and then cleaned up manually to make all classification entries uniform (word choice for Claude classifications can vary). It is then compared to Outer Loop Truth.csv with compare_outer_loop_by_suffix.py to create the Category_Reports_Processed folder with text files containing all the various results of the analysis.

4. Inner Loop: In this folder are all the files and instructions used for the within-task analysis. There are 1 and 2 labelled files to create two parallel pipelines for analysis. Inner Loop1 and 2 are text files that contain the instructions for the analysis. Claude_loop1 and 2 contain the script and further AI instructions for automatically analysing each log in sequence. This produces classifications1 and 2.csv containing the classification results, and reasoning 1 and 2.csv containing the AI's own explained reasoning for each result. The classifications files are merged to create a single file, merged_classifications.csv. As for the within-task analysis we are chiefly interested in the gaming classification results, extract_columns.py is used to create a new CSV only containing the filename and the classification for gaming called filename_gaming.csv. This file is manually cleaned to only contain the classifcation options "Gaming" or "Genuine". It is then compared to Inner Loop Truth.csv using compare_inner_loop_gaming.py to produce Inner_Loop_Gaming_Reports containing text files with the various results of the analysis.

5. Real Log Analysis: Two folders structured similarly. Each contains 10 runs of classifications of the BrainBoost logs and the associated Claude reasoning files. Each has been cleaned to have only Yes/No results in the Gaming category. confusion_matrix_average.py is run to compare each of the 10 runs against the Truth.csv and to then produce the Results folder containing a confusion matrix results text file, a boxplot of the false negatives and false positives results along with a text file of the boxplot statistics, as well as a misclassification report that gives a summary of the misclassification instances.
